Readme.md, before:

# 02.Showcase Project
- From Python Mega Course (by Ardit Sulce)
- Portfolio like showcase project
- Day 21-23 Project 2 Portfolio Showcase 

- Three separate implementations 
  - course_C is from working the lessons
  - mikeb_M is enhanced implementation based on my own ideas and those of others on the internet
  - ChatGTP_A is experiments in generating code similiar to course.C and mikeb.M
  - (C,M,A - are the letters that proceed git commit comments and correspond to the respective implementations)

- Github repo: https://github.com/mikebstudy/PMC_02_Showcase
  - each implementation is in its own folder 

## course_C

### (Day22) Features added to Website bonus project
- Added extra space vertically between team boxes (write(&nbsp;))
- Calculated the number of rows for each column,so that extra team boxes would fill columns from left to right

### (Day23) Features added to Website bonus project
- Added ability to access .env file for setting environment variables
  - Works with both Local User Variables and .env file
  - test_T\testenv.py added for experimentation

## mikeb_M
- Started with final version of course_C
- [X] Add status to projects and display
- [ ] Filter by status with checkboxes

## Copilot_A
- Started with creating prompts in Prompt.md

Commit message:

M: Filter by status with checkboxes. Add project numbers to project titles.

Readme.md, after:

# 02.Showcase Project
- From Python Mega Course (by Ardit Sulce)
- Portfolio like showcase project
- Day 21-23 Project 2 Portfolio Showcase 

- Three separate implementations 
  - course_C is from working the lessons
  - mikeb_M is enhanced implementation based on my own ideas and those of others on the internet
  - ChatGTP_A is experiments in generating code similiar to course.C and mikeb.M
  - (C,M,A - are the letters that proceed git commit comments and correspond to the respective implementations)

- Github repo: https://github.com/mikebstudy/PMC_02_Showcase
  - each implementation is in its own folder 

## course_C

### (Day22) Features added to Website bonus project
- Added extra space vertically between team boxes (write(&nbsp;))
- Calculated the number of rows for each column,so that extra team boxes would fill columns from left to right

### (Day23) Features added to Website bonus project
- Added ability to access .env file for setting environment variables
  - Works with both Local User Variables and .env file
  - test_T\testenv.py added for experimentation

## mikeb_M
- Started with final version of course_C
- [X] Add status to projects and display
- [X] Filter by status with checkboxes
- [X] Add numbers to project titles and reduce their size for readability

## Copilot_A
- Started with creating prompts in Prompt.md
